docs/demos/classify_medical_texts.md, before:

---
layout: demopage
title: Spark NLP in Action
full_width: true
permalink: /classify_medical_texts
key: demo
license: false
show_edit_on_github: false
show_date: false
data:
  sections:  
    - title: Spark NLP for Healthcare 
      excerpt: Classify Medical Texts
      secheader: yes
      secheader:
        - title: Spark NLP for Healthcare
          subtitle: Classify Medical Texts
          activemenu: classify_medical_texts
      source: yes
      source: 
        - title: PICO Classifier
          id: pico_classifier 
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Classify-documents.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Classify-documents-w.svg
          excerpt: This demo shows how to classify medical texts in accordance with PICO Components.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/healthcare/CLASSIFICATION_PICO/
          - text: Colab Netbook
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/streamlit_notebooks/healthcare/CLINICAL_CLASSIFICATION.ipynb
        - title: Gender Classifier
          id: gender_classifier  
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Classify-documents.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Classify-documents-w.svg
          excerpt: This demo shows how to identify gender from medical texts in accordance with the gender of the patient.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/healthcare/CLASSIFICATION_GENDER/
          - text: Colab Netbook
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/streamlit_notebooks/healthcare/CLASSIFICATION_GENDER.ipynb
        - title: Detect ADE-related texts
          id: detect_ade_related_texts   
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Detect_ADE_related_texts.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Detect_ADE_related_texts_f.svg
          excerpt: This model classifies texts as containing or not containing adverse drug events description.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/healthcare/CLASSIFICATION_ADE/
          - text: Colab Netbook
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/Certification_Trainings/Healthcare/16.Adverse_Drug_Event_ADE_NER_and_Classifier.ipynb
---

Commit message:

Add new demos
Classify Self Report Vaccination Status - Tweet
Classify Intimate Partner Violence - Tweet
Classify Randomized Clinical Trial (RCT)
Named Entity Recognition on Financial Annual Reports
Forward Looking Statements Classification
Extract Acquisition and Subsidiary Relationships
Financial Deidentification
Legal Deidentification
Detecting Clinical Entities with JSL

docs/demos/classify_medical_texts.md, after:

---
layout: demopage
title: Spark NLP in Action
full_width: true
permalink: /classify_medical_texts
key: demo
license: false
show_edit_on_github: false
show_date: false
data:
  sections:  
    - title: Spark NLP for Healthcare 
      excerpt: Classify Medical Texts
      secheader: yes
      secheader:
        - title: Spark NLP for Healthcare
          subtitle: Classify Medical Texts
          activemenu: classify_medical_texts
      source: yes
      source: 
        - title: PICO Classifier
          id: pico_classifier 
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Classify-documents.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Classify-documents-w.svg
          excerpt: This demo shows how to classify medical texts in accordance with PICO Components.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/healthcare/CLASSIFICATION_PICO/
          - text: Colab Netbook
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/streamlit_notebooks/healthcare/CLINICAL_CLASSIFICATION.ipynb
        - title: Gender Classifier
          id: gender_classifier  
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Classify-documents.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Classify-documents-w.svg
          excerpt: This demo shows how to identify gender from medical texts in accordance with the gender of the patient.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/healthcare/CLASSIFICATION_GENDER/
          - text: Colab Netbook
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/streamlit_notebooks/healthcare/CLASSIFICATION_GENDER.ipynb
        - title: Detect ADE-related texts
          id: detect_ade_related_texts   
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Detect_ADE_related_texts.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Detect_ADE_related_texts_f.svg
          excerpt: This model classifies texts as containing or not containing adverse drug events description.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/healthcare/CLASSIFICATION_ADE/
          - text: Colab Netbook
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/Certification_Trainings/Healthcare/16.Adverse_Drug_Event_ADE_NER_and_Classifier.ipynb
        - title: Classify Randomized Clinical Trial (RCT) 
          id: classify_randomized_clinical_trial_rct   
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Classify_Randomized_Clinical_Trial_RCT.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Classify_Randomized_Clinical_Trial_RCT_f.svg
          excerpt: This demo shows a classifier that can classify whether an article is a randomized clinical trial (RCT) or not, as well as a classifier that can divide it into sections in abstracts of scientific articles on randomized clinical trials (RCT).
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/healthcare/CLASSIFICATION_RCT/
          - text: Colab Netbook
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/streamlit_notebooks/healthcare/CLASSIFICATION_RCT.ipynb
---
