docs/demos/financial_entity_recognition.md, before:

---
layout: demopagenew
title: Recognize Financial Entities - Finance NLP Demos & Notebooks
seotitle: 'Finance NLP: Recognize Financial Entities - John Snow Labs'
subtitle: Run 300+ live demos and notebooks
full_width: true
permalink: /financial_entity_recognition
key: demo
article_header:
  type: demo
license: false
mode: immersivebg
show_edit_on_github: false
show_date: false
data:
  sections:  
    - secheader: yes
      secheader:
        - subtitle: Recognize Financial Entities - Live Demos & Notebooks
          activemenu: financial_entity_recognition
      source: yes
      source:
        - title: Named Entity Recognition on Financial Annual Reports
          id: named_entity_recognition_financial_annual_reports        
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Named_Entity_Recognition_on_Financial_Annual_Reports.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Named_Entity_Recognition_on_Financial_Annual_Reports_f.svg
          excerpt: This demo showcases how you can apply NER models to extract financial entities from annual reports, as Expenses, Loses, Profit declines or increases, etc.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINNER_FINANCIAL_10K/
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/Certification_Trainings/Healthcare/1.Clinical_Named_Entity_Recognition_Model.ipynb
        - title: Extract public companies key data from 10-K filings
          id: extract_public_companies_key_data_10k_filings        
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_public_companies_key_data_10_filings.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_public_companies_key_data_10_filings_f.svg
          excerpt: This demo uses Name Entity Recognition to extract information like Company Name, Trading symbols, Stock markets, Addresses, Phones, Stock types and values, IRS, CFN, etc. from the first page of 10-K filings.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINNER_SEC10K_FIRSTPAGE/
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/Certification_Trainings/Healthcare/1.Clinical_Named_Entity_Recognition_Model.ipynb 
        - title: Extract People, Roles, Dates and Organisations
          id: extract_people_roles_dates_organisations          
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_People_Roles_Dates_and_Organisations.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_People_Roles_Dates_and_Organisations_f.svg
          excerpt: This model extracts People and their Roles, Organizations and Dates from financial documents.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINPIPE_ORG_PER_DATE_ROLES/
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: 
        - title: Extract Trading Symbols / Tickers
          id: recognize_ticker_alias_in_financial_texts 
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Recognize_ticker_alias_in_financial_texts.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Recognize_ticker_alias_in_financial_texts_f.svg
          excerpt: This demo shows how to extract ticker alias from financial texts.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/public/NER_TICKER/ 
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/streamlit_notebooks/NER.ipynb
        - title: Extract Roles, Job Positions and Titles
          id: extract_roles_job_positions_titles         
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Roles_Job_Positions_and_Titles.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Roles_Job_Positions_and_Titles_f.svg
          excerpt: This demo shows how to extract Roles, Job Positions in Resumes and People’s Titles from documents.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINNER_ROLES/
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: 
        - title: Extract Organizations and Products   
          id: extract_organizations_products        
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Entities_from_Whereas_clauses.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Entities_from_Whereas_clauses_f.svg
          excerpt: This model uses Name Entity Recognition to extract ORG (Organization names) and PRODUCT (Product names).
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINNER_ORGPROD
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: 
        - title: Identify Companies and their aliases in financial texts
          id: identify_companies_their_aliases_financial_texts        
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Identify_Companies_and_their_aliases_in_financial_texts.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Identify_Companies_and_their_aliases_in_financial_texts_f.svg
          excerpt: This model uses Entity Recognition to identify ORG (Companies), their ALIAS (other names the company uses in financial reports) and company PRODUCTS.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINNER_ALIAS/
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url:
        - title: Extract economic and social entities in Russian
          id: extract_economical_social_entities_objects_government_documents       
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Entities_from_Whereas_clauses.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Entities_from_Whereas_clauses_f.svg
          excerpt: This model extracts entities such as ECO (economics), SOC (social) for economic and social entities, institutions of events, and also quantifiers (QUA), metrics (MET), etc. from Government documents in Russian.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FIN_NER_RUSSIAN_GOV
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url:  
        - title: Name Entity Recognition on financial texts 
          id: name_entity_recognition_financial_texts  
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Name_Entity_Recognition_on_Financial_Texts.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Name_Entity_Recognition_on_Financial_Texts_f.svg
          excerpt: This demo shows how you can extract the standard four entities (ORG, PER, LOC, MISC) from financial documents.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/NER_SEC/
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/streamlit_notebooks/NER_EN.ipynb
---

Commit message:

Add new demos
Classify Judgements Clauses
financial Graph Visualization
Legal Zero-Shot Named Entity Recognition
Financial Zero-Shot Named Entity Recognition
Detect Oncological Concepts
Detection of disease mentions in Spanish tweets.
Identify Past Work Experience

docs/demos/financial_entity_recognition.md, after:

---
layout: demopagenew
title: Recognize Financial Entities - Finance NLP Demos & Notebooks
seotitle: 'Finance NLP: Recognize Financial Entities - John Snow Labs'
subtitle: Run 300+ live demos and notebooks
full_width: true
permalink: /financial_entity_recognition
key: demo
article_header:
  type: demo
license: false
mode: immersivebg
show_edit_on_github: false
show_date: false
data:
  sections:  
    - secheader: yes
      secheader:
        - subtitle: Recognize Financial Entities - Live Demos & Notebooks
          activemenu: financial_entity_recognition
      source: yes
      source:
        - title: Named Entity Recognition on Financial Annual Reports
          id: named_entity_recognition_financial_annual_reports        
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Named_Entity_Recognition_on_Financial_Annual_Reports.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Named_Entity_Recognition_on_Financial_Annual_Reports_f.svg
          excerpt: This demo showcases how you can apply NER models to extract financial entities from annual reports, as Expenses, Loses, Profit declines or increases, etc.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINNER_FINANCIAL_10K/
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/Certification_Trainings/Healthcare/1.Clinical_Named_Entity_Recognition_Model.ipynb
        - title: Extract public companies key data from 10-K filings
          id: extract_public_companies_key_data_10k_filings        
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_public_companies_key_data_10_filings.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_public_companies_key_data_10_filings_f.svg
          excerpt: This demo uses Name Entity Recognition to extract information like Company Name, Trading symbols, Stock markets, Addresses, Phones, Stock types and values, IRS, CFN, etc. from the first page of 10-K filings.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINNER_SEC10K_FIRSTPAGE/
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/Certification_Trainings/Healthcare/1.Clinical_Named_Entity_Recognition_Model.ipynb 
        - title: Extract People, Roles, Dates and Organisations
          id: extract_people_roles_dates_organisations          
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_People_Roles_Dates_and_Organisations.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_People_Roles_Dates_and_Organisations_f.svg
          excerpt: This model extracts People and their Roles, Organizations and Dates from financial documents.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINPIPE_ORG_PER_DATE_ROLES/
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: 
        - title: Extract Trading Symbols / Tickers
          id: recognize_ticker_alias_in_financial_texts 
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Recognize_ticker_alias_in_financial_texts.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Recognize_ticker_alias_in_financial_texts_f.svg
          excerpt: This demo shows how to extract ticker alias from financial texts.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/public/NER_TICKER/ 
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/streamlit_notebooks/NER.ipynb
        - title: Extract Roles, Job Positions and Titles
          id: extract_roles_job_positions_titles         
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Roles_Job_Positions_and_Titles.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Roles_Job_Positions_and_Titles_f.svg
          excerpt: This demo shows how to extract Roles, Job Positions in Resumes and People’s Titles from documents.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINNER_ROLES/
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: 
        - title: Extract Organizations and Products   
          id: extract_organizations_products        
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Entities_from_Whereas_clauses.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Entities_from_Whereas_clauses_f.svg
          excerpt: This model uses Name Entity Recognition to extract ORG (Organization names) and PRODUCT (Product names).
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINNER_ORGPROD
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: 
        - title: Identify Companies and their aliases in financial texts
          id: identify_companies_their_aliases_financial_texts        
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Identify_Companies_and_their_aliases_in_financial_texts.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Identify_Companies_and_their_aliases_in_financial_texts_f.svg
          excerpt: This model uses Entity Recognition to identify ORG (Companies), their ALIAS (other names the company uses in financial reports) and company PRODUCTS.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINNER_ALIAS/
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url:
        - title: Extract economic and social entities in Russian
          id: extract_economical_social_entities_objects_government_documents       
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Entities_from_Whereas_clauses.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Entities_from_Whereas_clauses_f.svg
          excerpt: This model extracts entities such as ECO (economics), SOC (social) for economic and social entities, institutions of events, and also quantifiers (QUA), metrics (MET), etc. from Government documents in Russian.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FIN_NER_RUSSIAN_GOV
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url:  
        - title: Name Entity Recognition on financial texts 
          id: name_entity_recognition_financial_texts  
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Name_Entity_Recognition_on_Financial_Texts.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Name_Entity_Recognition_on_Financial_Texts_f.svg
          excerpt: This demo shows how you can extract the standard four entities (ORG, PER, LOC, MISC) from financial documents.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/NER_SEC/
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/streamlit_notebooks/NER_EN.ipynb
        - title: Financial Zero-Shot Named Entity Recognition 
          id: financial_zero_shot_named_entity_recognition  
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Name_Entity_Recognition_on_Financial_Texts.svg
          excerpt: This demo shows how you can use prompts in the form of questions, to carry our Named Entity Recognition without any pretrained dataset. You will find a table with the example questions (prompts) used for the different labels on the side menu.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINNER_ZEROSHOT/
          - text: Colab
            type: blue_btn
            url: 
---
