docs/demos/financial_relation_extraction.md, before:

---
layout: demopage
title: Spark NLP in Action
full_width: true
permalink: /financial_relation_extraction
key: demo
license: false
show_edit_on_github: false
show_date: false
data:
  sections:  
    - title: Spark NLP for Finance
      excerpt: Financial Relation Extraction
      secheader: yes
      secheader:
        - title: Spark NLP for Finance
          subtitle: Financial Relation Extraction
          activemenu: financial_relation_extraction
      source: yes
      source: 
        - title: Extract Relations between ORGS/PRODS and their ALIASES  
          id: extract_relations_between_orgs_prods_aliases 
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Relations_between_Parties.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Relations_between_Parties_f.svg
          excerpt: This model uses Entity Recognition to identify ORG (Companies), PRODUCT (Products) and their ALIAS in financial documents. 
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINRE_ALIAS/
          - text: Colab Netbook
            type: blue_btn
            url:                 
---

Commit message:

Add new demos
Classify Self Report Vaccination Status - Tweet
Classify Intimate Partner Violence - Tweet
Classify Randomized Clinical Trial (RCT)
Named Entity Recognition on Financial Annual Reports
Forward Looking Statements Classification
Extract Acquisition and Subsidiary Relationships
Financial Deidentification
Legal Deidentification
Detecting Clinical Entities with JSL

docs/demos/financial_relation_extraction.md, after:

---
layout: demopage
title: Spark NLP in Action
full_width: true
permalink: /financial_relation_extraction
key: demo
license: false
show_edit_on_github: false
show_date: false
data:
  sections:  
    - title: Spark NLP for Finance
      excerpt: Financial Relation Extraction
      secheader: yes
      secheader:
        - title: Spark NLP for Finance
          subtitle: Financial Relation Extraction
          activemenu: financial_relation_extraction
      source: yes
      source: 
        - title: Extract Relations between ORGS/PRODS and their ALIASES  
          id: extract_relations_between_orgs_prods_aliases 
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Relations_between_Parties.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Relations_between_Parties_f.svg
          excerpt: This model uses Entity Recognition to identify ORG (Companies), PRODUCT (Products) and their ALIAS in financial documents. 
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINRE_ALIAS/
          - text: Colab Netbook
            type: blue_btn
            url: 
        - title: Extract Acquisition and Subsidiary Relationships  
          id: extract_acquisition_subsidiary_relationships  
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Acquisition_and_Subsidiary_Relationships.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Extract_Acquisition_and_Subsidiary_Relationships_f.svg
          excerpt: This demo shows how to extract Acquisition and Subsidiary relations from ORG (Companies), ALIAS (Aliases of companies in an agreement) and PRODUCT (Products).
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/FINRE_ACQUISITIONS/
          - text: Colab Netbook
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://nlp.johnsnowlabs.com/             
---
