docs/demos/legal_text_classification.md, before:

---
layout: demopage
title: Spark NLP in Action
full_width: true
permalink: /legal_text_classification
key: demo
license: false
show_edit_on_github: false
show_date: false
data:
  sections:  
    - title: Spark NLP for Legal
      excerpt: Legal Text Classification
      secheader: yes
      secheader:
        - title: Spark NLP for Legal
          subtitle: Legal Text Classification
          activemenu: legal_text_classification
      source: yes
      source: 
        - title: Legal Clauses Classification 
          id: legal_clauses_classification    
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Legal_Clauses_Classification.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Legal_Clauses_Classification_f.svg
          excerpt: These models check for specific clauses in legal texts, returning them (for example, "investments", "loans", etc. ) or “other” if the clause was not found.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/CLASSIFY_LEGAL_CLAUSES/
          - text: Colab Netbook
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/streamlit_notebooks/CLASSIFICATION_EN_TREC.ipynb
---

Commit message:

Add new demos
Extract public companies key data from 10-K filings
Classify texts into 15 types of legal clauses
Identify Companies and their aliases in legal texts
Identify Companies and their aliases in financial texts
Classify Self Report Age - Tweet
Detect Adverse Drug Events in Tweet
ESG News Classification
Classify Self-Reported Covid-19 Symptoms - Tweet
Classify Stance / Premise About Health Mandates in Tweets
Detection of disease mentions in Spanish tweets
Detect mentions of general medical terms (coarse)
Automatically Answer Questions (CLOSED BOOK)
Automatically Answer Questions (OPEN BOOK)
Classify Stress - Tweet
Extract Parties obligations in a Legal Agreement
Augment Company Names with Public Information
Self-Treatment and Drug Changes Classifier in Social Media

docs/demos/legal_text_classification.md, after:

---
layout: demopage
title: Spark NLP in Action
full_width: true
permalink: /legal_text_classification
key: demo
license: false
show_edit_on_github: false
show_date: false
data:
  sections:  
    - title: Spark NLP for Legal
      excerpt: Legal Text Classification
      secheader: yes
      secheader:
        - title: Spark NLP for Legal
          subtitle: Legal Text Classification
          activemenu: legal_text_classification
      source: yes
      source: 
        - title: Legal Clauses Classification 
          id: legal_clauses_classification    
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Legal_Clauses_Classification.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Legal_Clauses_Classification_f.svg
          excerpt: These models check for specific clauses in legal texts, returning them (for example, "investments", "loans", etc. ) or “other” if the clause was not found.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/CLASSIFY_LEGAL_CLAUSES/
          - text: Colab Netbook
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/streamlit_notebooks/CLASSIFICATION_EN_TREC.ipynb
        - title: Classify texts into 15 types of legal clauses  
          id: classify_texts_15_types_legal_clauses     
          image: 
              src: /assets/images/Classify_texts_into_15_types_of_legal_clauses.svg
          image2: 
              src: /assets/images/Classify_texts_into_15_types_of_legal_clauses_f.svg
          excerpt: Using Multilabel Document Classification, where several classes can be assigned to a text, this demo will analyse and provide the best class or classes given an input text. This demo can be used to detect relevant clauses in a legal text.
          actions:
          - text: Live Demo
            type: normal
            url: https://demo.johnsnowlabs.com/finance/LEGMULTICLF_LEDGAR/
          - text: Colab Netbook
            type: blue_btn
            url: https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/spark-nlp-workshop/blob/master/tutorials/streamlit_notebooks/CLASSIFICATION_MULTILABEL_TOXIC.ipynb
---
